>> Steve Kinney: So,
we explored a number of patterns for
separating state from presentation.
There's nothing about flux or redux or
monax are unique to this.
We could do this with regular
react components as we just did.
Right?
Those [INAUDIBLE] components could fetch
stuff from the network.
They could fetch stuff
from the local storage.
Right?
But there are some additional ways of
thinking about state outside of just using
set state as we've been using it so
far this workshop.
And so we're gonna talk a little bit
about the flux pattern, and I just wanna,
and I think it's sometimes interesting
to think about the fact that for
a lot of these patterns, the entire
community's not in universal agreement
that you need to use all
of these all of the time.
My job is to show them to you,
to explain them to you,
to kind of talk about some of the benefits
and some of the trade offs, but
not to sell you on that you have to use
this one or that one or the other one.
Right?
And that is even in this case, and
we'll see some work codes around this
where it's the end in the conclusion.
Right in form of secretive react radar,
agrees that flux and
redux are great ways to build an app,
but wonder that if going whole
hog into them and not considering
these tradeoffs; not considering
the different approaches that we can
take and spending the time to figure
out exactly what's right might be
beneficial for us to do very cool.
So, I'm gonna explain Flux but
I'm gonna do it a little differently
than what's normally done.
Normally, when someone wants to explain
Flux they show this crazy diagram,
right, that overwhelms you and
you get a little freaked out and
then they start like
pulling back the pieces.
We're gonna do this in three steps.
I'm just gonna start implementing
Flux In the pizza calculator,
and then we'll go and
put together all the pieces so
we would have seen it actually implemented
and you don't have to stress out.
We're going to do it twice because
there a lot of moving parts and
a lot of new terms and
it can be a little crazy all at once.
I think showing the chart, and then
trying to get your way through it has not
been particularly effective for
me learning any of these patterns.
And my suspicion is that it'll be
easier if we see it in practice,
pull apart the pieces, and
then see it in practice again.
Cool In the chat I did drop kind of the
notes I'm going to use so if you want to
like follow along, they're very bare bones
because I need to get the general gist.
They're not like a long form
essay on that stuff, but
you can also see that
as we go along as well.
Okay, so real quick,
I also am back on the master branch,
before we did all of our crazy patterns.
In this case, I do wanna keep it kind of
like, clean, and we don't have to mix in
a bunch of like, container patterns and
render pros patterns as well.
Don't worry, we'll get there, but
let's start with a clean slate.
So what I am gonna do real quick,
is I'm just gonna check out a new
branch
>> Steve Kinney: We'll call it
live coding flux,
that way it doesn't have merge conflicts
with the other live coding branch.
So we'll call this one
live coding flux and
somebody has to remind me to commit and
push up when we're done, very cool.
Okay so, there are,
the ideas to pull as much of like state
just out of components as a whole, right?
The idea is like if we do
stuff in react one way or
another we're going to have to
life pass stuff down, right?
Versus we take the state
management out of react right,
we have a lot more flexibility
on how we pass it in.
Reacts claims just to be a view layer,
we've been handling a lot of, like,
working with our data in our view layer,
but it's not necessarily meant to do that,
at a certain growth and
complexity of your application,
it makes sense to think about
pulling this stuff out.
Two things that I will say is
when should you pull it out,
I would say generally speaking
unless you know this is gonna be the big
app that you got in the next two years in
your iphone it makes more sense to start
in that state and wait till it hurts.
The cool thing about the container pattern
is if you start with the container
pattern, you've already separated out the
idea of managing state from your UI right.
And so should you decide no arts It's not
hard for you to refracture the entire app.
If you go with, before where you
explored all those patterns, and
you just start jamming all of your state
management and your presentation together
than it's going to be painful to
move to flux, or redux, or mobx.
Right?
I think the best programming decisions
are the decisions that you can change your
mind on later.
So if you structure things to delay
until the last responsible moment and
give yourself enough wiggle room to change
your usually better off than if you try to
make the right choice at the very
beginning of your project because you
don't necessarily know how
the project is gonna end up.
Very cool.
So, this is again just a regular old
piece of calculator that we started on.
It's in master, I just made a new branch.